and now it's time for new reviews with
Buster d flank tonight's review season 3
episode 5 magic duel
yeah this is the greatest episode I've
ever seen in my life they challenge you
to a spoilers there's this episode
called boast Busters and get introduced
us to a new pony called the Great and
Powerful Trixie everypony drove away
because she was an attention horse that
makes no sense why don't you drive away
a shomare but that's practically how she
makes a living why don't you try to beat
the show off by being an even bigger
show off why don't you put the whole
town in jeopardy just to expose her as a
liar not to mention render her homeless
but then all these Bruni's came together
and they're like she's not that bad so
in this episode Trixie has a mysterious
neckless comes down to Ponyville and
start some bully everyone like Rainbow
Dash I have a strangest wing boner right
now rarity loves brown horrible and
granny yo ass even Pinkie Pie so do I
they sparkle arrives to see what's going
on Trixie is like migrating powerful
magic has gotten more grain powerful
since last great and powerful time I
green powerful challenge you to a great
powerful magic dual great and powerful
and I'm like who are you and what have
you done Trixi the real Trixie only
speaks in third person just like that
somehow beloved red ball of fur that's
played by splinter from the first two
TMNT movies where did he go anyway but
regardless Twilight is like bitch I'm
gonna prove anything I'm the personal
protege of the ruler of this country I
saved her own sister from herself I'm a
freaking element of magic I am truly
best pony
then Trixie is like Sam there go all
your books stop you mad oh you are so
then they start shopping and booming and
sapping and booming and one of those
spells turns Trixie and dusty cats stay
great and powerful my friends but in the
end Trixie wins the duel by doing an
aging spell why light is like wait a
minute that's fellows open for the
highest level unicorns and I'm like wait
a minute what about your entrance exam
and cancel out when you made spike grow
older why not just use that but Trixie
is like sorry I can't hear you one too
busy brushing my green powerful ego will
you stop saying that ah so that's why I
dis banished from Ponyville but then she
realizes there's only one other point
she can go to that dabbles in strange
magic like this T a double from Pirates
of the Caribbean yeah I'm just kidding
it's only Sakura because I supposed to
know I'll see Bruce look the same right
so let's although then go to the Dagobah
system where Twilight learns how to
waterbend I tried waterbending once
except the water was actually piss and
you don't want to know what the bubbles
were made out of meanwhile the other
ponies find information regarding
Trixie's magic necklace and just like
the dependable friends they are they
send the scared shitless Fluttershy to
relay the message to Twilight and I like
dude what about spike can you just dig a
hole under the dome like he was taking
for gems and then they can write a
letter to Princess Celestia and pull
tricks he's defeated but the writers are
like we need to make an excuse to have
another I like to be a tree reference
school so then Sakura is like in order
for this to be fixed you must make use
of the six yo now what my think she
means the elements of harmony but no she
means the magic of Hollywood fakery you
see twilight tips Trixie with an even
more great powerful amulet and thus
challenges her with another magic tool
and Twilight wins by using gender swaps
and Trixie is like I'll Accord amulet
why you know how rule 63 power idiots
but it turns out the
for free omelet was just an oversized
jolly rancher I had an oversized jolly
rancher once you tried to eat me so
Twilight returns home and Trixie is like
sorry for acting like such a bitch to
you and your friends can you accept my
piggies for a pity party twilight is
like hello wheels wails the end so this
episode teaches us a very important
lesson in the end and that is to not
piss off Trixie trust me she'll go
control-alt-delete on your ass SSSs SSSs
you